# CS526 Assignment 1 Tomas Hornicek

For assignment 1 I have used basic Java features, including selection statements, iteration statements and using arrays.

Part 1 of this assignment can be found in the "src/CS526_hw" folder, where it is in the file "Hw1_p1.java". For part 1 of this assignment I have implemented 3 methods; main, find and isPrefix. The find method receives an array of integers a and an integer x, and performs a linear search on a for x. If x is in a, the method prints the indexes of the array slots where x is stored on screen. If x is no in a, it prints that x does not exist. The isPrefix method receives two strings, s1 and s2. It is assumed that the length of s1<= length of s2. The method returns true if s1 is a prefix of s2 and returns false otherwise. The main method is used for testing.

The goal of part 2 was to practice simple I/O, creating and using Java objects and storing and accessing Java objects in an array, Part 2, which can be found in the file "Hw1_p2", contains 3 methods; findByMake, newerThan and main. For this part of the assignment I have used an already defined Car object in the file "Car.java". The findByMake method receives an array of Car objects and the make of a car make. Then it finds and prints all cars in the array that have the same make as the fiven make. It also prints an appropriate message, if there is no car with the given make. The newerThan method, receives an array of Car objects and the year of a car year. It then finds and prints all the cars in the array that are newer than the given year and it prints a message, if there is no car newer than the given year. The main method is used for testing; an array of Car objects, "cars", of size 10, is created. The program reades the input file, one at a time. After reading each line, the program creates a Car object and adds it to the array "cars". 